fix: CType schema to include latest $schema (#259)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/concepts/05_credentials/02_ctypes.md

KILT uses [JSON Schema](https://json-schema.org/) (currently draft-07) to validate and annotate data in a strict format.
This data format is used to define [CType models](https://github.com/KILTprotocol/sdk-js/blob/master/packages/core/src/ctype/CType.schemas.ts).
The following are all required properties of the schema:

- **Identifier**: `$id` in the format `kilt:ctype:0x{cTypeHash}`.
- **Reference to CType metaschema (`$schema`)**: Describes what a valid CType must looks like. The latest metaschema is accessible at [ipfs://bafybeiah66wbkhqbqn7idkostj2iqyan2tstc4tpqt65udlhimd7hcxjyq/](ipfs://bafybeiah66wbkhqbqn7idkostj2iqyan2tstc4tpqt65udlhimd7hcxjyq/).
- **Title**: Defines a user-friendly name for the CType that makes it easier for users to contextualize.
- **Properties**: Set of fields (e.g., name, birthdate) that the CType can contain, and hence that the Claimer can have attested.

> - **Type**: The CType is an object an must be declared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Type**: Is always `"object"`,  instructing the JSON schema validator to expect an object (where each property is a claim about the Claimer in the credential).
```

> - **Additional properties**: The *additionalProperties* is set to false per default, this restriction ensures that unwanted and malicious attesters cannot add properties to the CType without the user's consent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Additional properties**: In newer CTypes, *additionalProperties* must be present and must be set to `false`, restricting allowable claims in a credential to those listed in `properties`.
```

> The following are all required properties of the schema, with no additional properties allowed:

Reviewer: This was not true then, and is less true now; there are also the `type: 'object'` and `additionalProperties: false` properties that are not listed. We should add them.

- **Identifier**: `$id` in the format `kilt:ctype:0x{cTypeHash}`.

> - **KILT specific JSON-Schema**: Accessible at [ipfs://bafybeiah66wbkhqbqn7idkostj2iqyan2tstc4tpqt65udlhimd7hcxjyq/](ipfs://bafybeiah66wbkhqbqn7idkostj2iqyan2tstc4tpqt65udlhimd7hcxjyq/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Reference to CType metaschema (`$schema`)**: Describes what a valid CType must looks like. The latest metaschema is accessible at [ipfs://bafybeiah66wbkhqbqn7idkostj2iqyan2tstc4tpqt65udlhimd7hcxjyq/](ipfs://bafybeiah66wbkhqbqn7idkostj2iqyan2tstc4tpqt65udlhimd7hcxjyq/).
```

- **Title**: Defines a user-friendly name for the CType that makes it easier for users to contextualize.
- **Properties**: Set of fields (e.g., name, birthdate) that the CType can contain, and hence that the Claimer can have attested.

:::warning

>  Deprecation Warning: Property Swap
> 
> Warning: The following CType Schema property value is deprecated.
> Please update your code accordingly to avoid any issues.
> It will mean you should update existing CTypes.
> The previous version of the CType will work, however, it is advised to upgrade.
> 
> Old Property Value:  `"$schema": "http://kilt-protocol.org/draft-01/ctype#"`
> 
> New Property Value:  `"$schema": "ipfs://bafybeiah66wbkhqbqn7idkostj2iqyan2tstc4tpqt65udlhimd7hcxjyq/"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Deprecation Warning: CType metaschema draft-01

CTypes implementing the CType metaschema with id `http://kilt-protocol.org/draft-01/ctype#` do not prevent faulty or malicious attester implementations from adding additional, unexpected properties to a claim.
This metaschema is therefore considered deprecated and is not recommended to be used in the creation of new CTypes.

Please make sure to use sdk version **0.33.0** or newer when creating CTypes, which defaults to using the new metaschema  `ipfs://bafybeiah66wbkhqbqn7idkostj2iqyan2tstc4tpqt65udlhimd7hcxjyq/`.
```

Author: The second paragraph doesn't make sense.

```suggestion
Deprecation Warning: CType metaschema draft-01

Warning: `Claims` with the `CType` metaschema, identified as `http://kilt-protocol.org/draft-01/ctype#`, may lack prevention against faulty or malicious attester implementations, allowing them to add unexpected properties to the claim.
Please update your code accordingly to avoid any issues.

Old `$schema` value:  "http://kilt-protocol.org/draft-01/ctype#"

New `$schema` value:  "ipfs://bafybeiah66wbkhqbqn7idkostj2iqyan2tstc4tpqt65udlhimd7hcxjyq/"

The old metaschema is therefore considered deprecated and is not recommended to be used in the creation of new CTypes.

Please make sure to use SDK version **0.33.0** or newer when creating CTypes, which defaults to using the new metaschema  `ipfs://bafybeiah66wbkhqbqn7idkostj2iqyan2tstc4tpqt65udlhimd7hcxjyq/`.
```

does this read better?

I think it is essential to include the values so people know explicitly what they are and what they look like. Otherwise, they may miss it.

Reviewer: I think we should show this to Majella to fix the language. IMO "please update accordingly" is super generic and does not help anybody. And I predict that if you put the two values back to back people will just search-replace and break their code. Upgrade instructions are right below, this is not the place.

Reviewer: I had GPT4 fix the language, which reads like this: 

> Deprecation Warning: CType Metaschema Draft-01
CTypes based on the `[http://kilt-protocol.org/draft-01/ctype#`](http://kilt-protocol.org/draft-01/ctype%23%60) metaschema are susceptible to faulty or malicious attester integrations that may introduce unexpected properties to a claim. Due to this vulnerability, this version of the metaschema is deprecated and its use is discouraged in the creation of new CTypes.
For optimal security and functionality, it is recommended to use SDK version 0.33.0 or later for creating CTypes. This newer version defaults to using the updated metaschema available at `[ipfs://bafybeiah66wbkhqbqn7idkostj2iqyan2tstc4tpqt65udlhimd7hcxjyq/`](ipfs://bafybeiah66wbkhqbqn7idkostj2iqyan2tstc4tpqt65udlhimd7hcxjyq/%60).

 I think this is pretty much the message we want to convey: do not produce more legacy CTypes (and move to the new version at your earliest convenience, but that comes below)

Author: As per Majella:

> (ChatGPT answer)

> CTypes based on the [http://kilt-protocol.org/draft-01/ctype#](http://kilt-protocol.org/draft-01/ctype%23%60) metaschema are susceptible to faulty or malicious attester integrations that may introduce unexpected properties to a claim. Due to this vulnerability, this version of the metaschema is deprecated and its use is discouraged in the creation of new CTypes.
> For optimal security and functionality, it is recommended to use SDK version 0.33.0 or later for creating CTypes. This newer version defaults to using the updated metaschema available at [ipfs://bafybeiah66wbkhqbqn7idkostj2iqyan2tstc4tpqt65udlhimd7hcxjyq/](ipfs://bafybeiah66wbkhqbqn7idkostj2iqyan2tstc4tpqt65udlhimd7hcxjyq/%60).
>

**Add:**

This also means you should update existing CTypes.

The previous version / existing CTypes will work in the short term. However, it is advised to upgrade as soon as possible.

Reviewer: Is this language we should add verbatim? If not, how about something along the lines of 
> While existing CTypes will continue to work in the short term, we advise to upgrade to the latest metaschema at your earliest convenience.

Author: I think its fine to have either. I will add your suggestion.

> Action Required:
> 
> Locate all instances where `$schema` is used in your codebase.
> You will need to re-write the CType by taking the old ctype and entering the following code in the relevant sections.
> Where oldCType is the `CType` before the update to verison `0.33.1`.
> 
> ``` js
> const newCType = CType.fromProperties(oldCType.title, oldCType.properties, 'V1')
> ```
> 
> Update any dependencies or libraries that rely on the `oldCType` to support the latest version of the `newCType`.
> Test thoroughly to ensure the correct behavior and functionality of the new CTypes in your application.
> If you encounter any issues during the migration process or have questions, refer to the documentation or seek support from the relevant community.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
**Migration instructions:** 

Attesters are recommended to transition to issuing credentials using upgraded versions of CTypes currently in use.

Using sdk version `0.33.0` or later, you can produce a copy of an existing CType `oldCType` as follows:

``` js
const newCType = CType.fromProperties(oldCType.title, oldCType.properties, 'V1')
```

The new CType will have the same title and properties as the existing one, but will be based on the new metaschema, resulting in a different hash and id.
After [registering the new CType on the Kilt blockchain](../../develop/01_sdk/02_cookbook/04_claiming/01_ctype_creation.md), you can use the new CType as a drop-in replacement in issuing credentials.
Depending verifiers are recommended to accept both the old and new CType during a transition period.
````

Author: This reads better, for sure. I would add the following sentence to reach out to us and test as well.

> :::

Author: ```suggestion
Test thoroughly to ensure the correct behaviour and functionality of the new CTypes in your application.

If you encounter any issues during the migration process or have questions, refer to the documentation or seek support from the relevant community.
:::
```
